Catch up to JS client (#85)
apify/apify-client-python: CHANGELOG.md

- added method to update status message for a run
- added option to set up webhooks for actor builds
- added logger with basic debugging info

> - added support for `schema` parameter in `getOrCreate` method for datasets and key-value stores

Reviewer: We use `snake_case` here 🙂 
```suggestion
- added support for `schema` parameter in `get_or_create` method for datasets and key-value stores
```
